docs(user): add a FAQ item + recipe on decoding raw URL (#1990)
falconry/falcon: docs/user/faq.rst

.. _routing_encoded_slashes:

Why is my URL with percent-encoded forward slashes (``%2F``) routed incorrectly?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This is an unfortunate artifact of the WSGI specification, which offers no
standard means of accessing the "raw" request URL. According to PEP 3333,
`the recommended way to reconstruct a request's URL path
<https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-3333/#url-reconstruction>`_ is using the
``PATH_INFO`` CGI variable, which is already presented percent-decoded,
effectively making originally percent-encoded forward slashes (``%2F``)
indistinguishable from others passed verbatim (and intended to separate URI
fields).

Although not standardized, some WSGI servers provide the raw URL as a
non-standard extension; for instance, Gunicorn exposes it as ``RAW_URI``,
uWSGI calls it ``REQUEST_URI``, etc. You can implement a WSGI (or ASGI, see the
discussion below) middleware component to overwrite the request path with the
path component of the raw URL, see more in the following recipe:
:ref:`raw_url_path_recipe`.

In contrast to WSGI, the ASGI specification does define a standard connection

> HTTP scope variable name (``raw_path``, of type ``bytes``) for the unmodified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP scope variable name (the ``bytes`` string ``raw_path``) for the unmodified
```
